README.md, before:

## Recent Changes
[Upgrading old dependencies to newest versions.](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/spring_portfolio/issues/12)

# [Spring Portfolio Starter](https://nighthawkcodingsociety.com/projectsearch/details/Spring%20Portfolio%20Starter)

- Runtime link: https://spring.nighthawkcodingsociety.com/
- JWT Login: https://nighthawkcoders.github.io/APCSA/data/login
- Jokes endpoint: https://spring.nighthawkcodingsociety.com/api/jokes/



## Visual thoughts

- Starter code should be fun and practical
- Organize with Bootstrap menu 
- Add some color and fun through VANTA Visuals (birds, halo, solar, net)
- Show some practical and fun links (hrefs) like Twitter, Git, Youtube
- Show student project specific links (hrefs) per page
- Show student About me pages

## Getting started

- Clone project and open in VSCode
- Verify Project Structure to use a good Java JDK (adoptopenjdk:17)
- Play or entry point is Main.java, look for Run option in code.  This eanbles Spring to load
- Java source (src/main/java/...) has Java files.  Find "controllers" path, these files enable HTTP route and HTML file relationship.
- HTML source (src/main/resources/...) had templates and supporting files.  Find index.html as this file is launched by defaul in Spring.  Other HTML files are loaded by building an "@Controller"

## IDE management

- A ".gitignore" can teach a Developer a lot about Java runtime.  A target directory is created when you press play button, byte code is generated and files are moved into this location.
- "pom.xml" file can teach you a lot about Java dependencies.  This is similar to "requirements.txt" file in Python.  It manages packages and dependencies.

Commit message:

Revise README for Worker Hiring System backend
Updated README to reflect project details and API documentation.

README.md, after:

# Worker Hiring System - Backend API

This repository contains the Java-based backend for the Worker Hiring System. Built with **Spring Boot**, it provides a RESTful interface to manage worker data and utilizes a **K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN)** algorithm to match candidates with employer requirements based on skills and location.

## 🧠 Core Logic: KNN Matching
Unlike simple keyword searches, this backend utilizes a custom `KNNWorkerHiring` utility. This allows the system to find the "closest" matches in a multi-dimensional feature space—such as programming languages known, location, and internship status—providing more intelligent results than a standard database query.



## 🛠️ Tech Stack
* [cite_start]**Language:** Java 11+ 
* [cite_start]**Framework:** Spring Boot 
* [cite_start]**Web:** Spring Web MVC (REST Controller) 
* [cite_start]**Security:** Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) configured for secure frontend integration 

## 🚀 API Documentation

The `WorkerController` manages all candidate data through the following endpoints:

### 1. Add New Candidate
Allows employers or users to register a new worker profile.
* **Endpoint:** `POST /api/worker/add`
* **Payload:** ```json
{
  "name": "Kevin Du",
  "languagesKnown": ["Java", "Spring Boot", "React"],
  "preferredLocation": "West Lafayette",
  "internshipPreferred": true
}
